I am an Assistant Professor in Biomedical Informatics at Emory University, where I direct the CARE Lab (Collective Action & Research for Equity). My research is on the design of data/AI-driven systems that target health equity for marginalized communities and care workers. I have a Ph.D. in human-centered computing and an undergraduate degree in computer engineering from Georgia Tech. I am also the co-founder of MakerGhat, an education nonprofit in India that aims to nurture the next generation of leaders and entrepreneurs from underserved communities. 

I am building an interdisciplinary lab across Emory and Georgia Tech, and actively recruiting students and postdocs with an interest in HCI (human-computer interaction), computing or informatics, public health, and nursing. (Read more on how to apply).

My dissertation examined the design of AI systems in maternal and child health settings in India. As an interdisciplinary scholar, I engage in ethnographic fieldwork, participatory design, system development, and evaluation. I frequently draw on feminist and de/post-colonial perspectives when analyzing data/AI efforts. My research and practice target more equitable, healthy, and caring futures for (and by) communities that have been pushed to the margins on account of gender, race, class, religion, caste, rurality, and more.

I have been fortunate to receive several honors for this work. I was listed in Forbes 30 under 30 Asia 2023 under the Social Impact category, the 2021 list of 100 Brilliant Women in AI Ethics, and one of 75 women in STEAM by the Office of the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Government of India. I am also a recipient of the GVU Foley Scholarship at Georgia Tech, the department’s highest award for student excellence in research contributions to computing. I have previously worked with Google’s AI for Social Good Team, the Wadhwani Institute for AI, UN Global Pulse, and Philips Research North America.

I am always happy to talk about research and practice on technology, care, and global “development”, and to support young researchers and social entrepreneurs! 
